#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.11
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
anyio==4.3.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
    #   starlette
apache-beam[gcp]==2.51.0
    # via -r requirements.in
appnope==0.1.4
    # via ipykernel
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.14.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.3
    # via nbconvert
black==23.12.1
    # via docspec-python
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
blis==0.7.11
    # via thinc
build==1.1.1
    # via pip-tools
cachetools==5.3.3
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-auth
catalogue==2.0.10
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   srsly
    #   thinc
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   black
    #   pip-tools
    #   pydoc-markdown
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
cloudpickle==2.2.1
    # via apache-beam
comm==0.2.1
    # via ipykernel
confection==0.1.4
    # via thinc
crcmod==1.7
    # via apache-beam
cymem==2.0.8
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
databind-core==4.4.0
    # via
    #   databind-json
    #   docspec
    #   pydoc-markdown
databind-json==4.4.0
    # via
    #   docspec
    #   pydoc-markdown
debugpy==1.8.1
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
deprecated==1.2.14
    # via
    #   databind-core
    #   docspec
    #   google-cloud-spanner
    #   nr-util
dill==0.3.1.1
    # via apache-beam
dnspython==2.6.1
    # via pymongo
docopt==0.6.2
    # via hdfs
docspec==2.2.1
    # via
    #   docspec-python
    #   pydoc-markdown
docspec-python==2.2.1
    # via pydoc-markdown
docstring-parser==0.11
    # via pydoc-markdown
en-core-web-sm @ https://github.com/explosion/spacy-models/releases/download/en_core_web_sm-3.4.0/en_core_web_sm-3.4.0-py3-none-any.whl
    # via -r requirements.in
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastapi==0.110.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fastavro==1.9.4
    # via apache-beam
fasteners==0.19
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-apitools
fastjsonschema==2.19.1
    # via nbformat
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
gcloud==0.18.3
    # via -r requirements.in
google-api-core[grpc]==2.17.1
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-dlp
    #   google-cloud-language
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-pubsublite
    #   google-cloud-recommendations-ai
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-spanner
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-cloud-videointelligence
    #   google-cloud-vision
google-api-python-client==2.120.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-apitools==0.5.31
    # via apache-beam
google-auth==2.28.1
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-dlp
    #   google-cloud-language
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-recommendations-ai
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-cloud-videointelligence
    #   google-cloud-vision
google-auth-httplib2==0.1.1
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-python-client
google-cloud-aiplatform==1.43.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   apache-beam
google-cloud-appengine-logging==1.4.2
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-audit-log==0.2.5
    # via google-cloud-logging
google-cloud-bigquery==3.17.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-bigquery-storage==2.24.0
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-bigtable==2.23.0
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-core==2.4.1
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-spanner
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-datastore==2.19.0
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-dlp==3.15.2
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-language==2.13.2
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-logging==3.9.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-pubsub==2.19.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-cloud-pubsublite
google-cloud-pubsublite==1.9.0
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-recommendations-ai==0.10.9
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-resource-manager==1.12.2
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-spanner==3.42.0
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-storage==2.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
google-cloud-videointelligence==2.13.2
    # via apache-beam
google-cloud-vision==3.7.1
    # via apache-beam
google-crc32c==1.5.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos[grpc]==1.62.0
    # via
    #   gcloud
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
grpc-google-iam-v1==0.13.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-spanner
grpc-interceptor==0.15.4
    # via google-cloud-spanner
grpcio==1.62.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-pubsublite
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpc-interceptor
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.62.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-pubsublite
grpclib==0.4.7
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.14.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
h2==4.1.0
    # via grpclib
hdfs==2.7.3
    # via apache-beam
hpack==4.0.0
    # via h2
httpcore==1.0.4
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   gcloud
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-apitools
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   oauth2client
httpx==0.27.0
    # via jupyterlab
hyperframe==6.0.1
    # via h2
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
importlib-metadata==7.0.1
    # via yapf
ipykernel==6.29.3
    # via jupyterlab
ipython==8.22.1
    # via ipykernel
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   pydoc-markdown
    #   spacy
js2py==0.74
    # via apache-beam
json5==0.9.18
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpickle==3.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.21.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.7.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.9.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.3
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.12.5
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.2
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.25.3
    # via jupyterlab
langcodes==3.3.0
    # via spacy
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
multidict==6.0.5
    # via grpclib
murmurhash==1.0.10
    # via
    #   preshed
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
mypy-extensions==1.0.0
    # via black
nbclient==0.9.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.1
    # via jupyter-server
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via jupyterlab
nr-date==2.1.0
    # via
    #   databind-core
    #   databind-json
nr-stream==1.1.5
    # via databind-core
nr-util==0.8.12
    # via
    #   docspec-python
    #   pydoc-markdown
numpy==1.24.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   apache-beam
    #   blis
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   scipy
    #   shapely
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
oauth2client==4.1.3
    # via
    #   gcloud
    #   google-apitools
objsize==0.6.1
    # via apache-beam
orjson==3.9.15
    # via apache-beam
overrides==7.7.0
    # via
    #   google-cloud-pubsublite
    #   jupyter-server
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   black
    #   build
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
pandas==2.2.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pathlib-abc==0.1.1
    # via pathy
pathspec==0.12.1
    # via black
pathy==0.11.0
    # via spacy
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pip-tools==7.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
platformdirs==4.2.0
    # via
    #   black
    #   jupyter-core
    #   yapf
preshed==3.0.9
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
prometheus-client==0.20.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via ipython
proto-plus==1.23.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-dlp
    #   google-cloud-language
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-recommendations-ai
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-spanner
    #   google-cloud-videointelligence
    #   google-cloud-vision
protobuf==4.24.4
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   gcloud
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-aiplatform
    #   google-cloud-appengine-logging
    #   google-cloud-audit-log
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-bigtable
    #   google-cloud-datastore
    #   google-cloud-dlp
    #   google-cloud-language
    #   google-cloud-logging
    #   google-cloud-pubsub
    #   google-cloud-recommendations-ai
    #   google-cloud-resource-manager
    #   google-cloud-spanner
    #   google-cloud-videointelligence
    #   google-cloud-vision
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpc-google-iam-v1
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
psutil==5.9.8
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==11.0.0
    # via apache-beam
pyasn1==0.5.1
    # via
    #   oauth2client
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.3.0
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pydantic==1.10.14
    # via
    #   confection
    #   fastapi
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
pydoc-markdown==4.8.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pydot==1.4.2
    # via apache-beam
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyjsparser==2.7.1
    # via js2py
pymongo==4.6.2
    # via apache-beam
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   pydot
pyproject-hooks==1.0.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   arrow
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   pydoc-markdown
pyzmq==25.1.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
referencing==0.33.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2023.12.25
    # via apache-beam
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   apache-beam
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   hdfs
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   pydoc-markdown
    #   spacy
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
rsa==4.9
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   oauth2client
scipy==1.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via jupyter-server
shapely==2.0.3
    # via google-cloud-aiplatform
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   gcloud
    #   google-apitools
    #   hdfs
    #   js2py
    #   oauth2client
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
smart-open==6.4.0
    # via
    #   pathy
    #   spacy
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
spacy==3.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   en-core-web-sm
    #   spacy-cleaner
spacy-cleaner==3.1.0
    # via -r requirements.in
spacy-legacy==3.0.12
    # via spacy
spacy-loggers==1.0.5
    # via spacy
spacy-lookups-data==1.0.5
    # via spacy-cleaner
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via google-cloud-spanner
srsly==2.4.8
    # via
    #   confection
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.36.3
    # via fastapi
terminado==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
thinc==8.1.12
    # via spacy
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   pydoc-markdown
    #   yapf
tomli-w==1.0.0
    # via pydoc-markdown
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.64.1
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   spacy-cleaner
traitlets==5.14.1
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
typeapi==2.1.2
    # via
    #   databind-core
    #   databind-json
typer==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pathy
    #   spacy
types-python-dateutil==2.8.19.20240106
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.10.0
    # via
    #   apache-beam
    #   databind-core
    #   databind-json
    #   fastapi
    #   nr-util
    #   pydantic
    #   typeapi
tzdata==2024.1
    # via pandas
tzlocal==5.2
    # via js2py
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
uritemplate==4.1.1
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.2.1
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.27.1
    # via -r requirements.in
wasabi==0.10.1
    # via
    #   spacy
    #   thinc
watchdog==4.0.0
    # via pydoc-markdown
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
wheel==0.42.0
    # via pip-tools
wrapt==1.16.0
    # via deprecated
yapf==0.40.2
    # via pydoc-markdown
zipp==3.17.0
    # via importlib-metadata
zstandard==0.22.0
    # via apache-beam

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
setuptools==69.1.1
